Simplify readme (#5217)
koreader/koreader: README.md

[![AGPL Licence][badge-license]](COPYING)
[![Latest release][badge-release]][link-gh-releases]
[![Gitter][badge-gitter]][link-gitter]
[![Mobileread][badge-mobileread]][link-forum]
[![Build Status][badge-circleci]][link-circleci]
[![Coverage Status][badge-coverage]][link-coverage]

[Download](https://github.com/koreader/koreader/releases) •
[Wiki](https://github.com/koreader/koreader/wiki) •
[Developer docs](http://koreader.rocks/doc/)

## Main features

* **portable**: runs on embedded devices (Cervantes, Kindle, Kobo, PocketBook), Android and Linux computers. Developers can run a KOReader emulator in Linux and MacOS.

* **multi-format documents**: supports fixed page formats (PDF, DjVu, CBT, CBZ) and reflowable e-book formats (EPUB, FB2, Mobi, DOC, CHM, TXT). Scanned PDF/DjVu documents can also be reflowed with the built-in K2pdfopt library.

* **full-featured reading**: multi-lingual user interface with a highly customizable reader view and many typesetting options. You can set arbitrary page margins, override line spacing and choose external fonts and styles. It has multi-lingual hyphenation dictionaries bundled into the application.

> * **integrated** with *Calibre* (search metadata, receive ebooks wirelessly, browse library via OPDS),  *Evernote* (export hightlights), *Wallabag*, *Wikipedia*, *Google translate* and other content providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **integrated** with *calibre* (search metadata, receive ebooks wirelessly, browse library via OPDS),  *Evernote* (export hightlights), *Wallabag*, *Wikipedia*, *Google Translate* and other content providers.
```

(Calibre fans like the lowercase.)

<center>

[![KOReader](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/koreader/koreader.github.io/master/koreader-logo.png)](https://koreader.rocks)
#### KOReader is a document viewer primarily targeting e-ink readers.
[![AGPL Licence][licence-badge]](COPYING)
[![Latest release][badge-release]][github-releases]
[![Gitter][gitter-badge]][gitter-link]
[![Mobileread][badge-mobileread]][forum-link]
[![Build Status][circleci-badge]][circleci-link]
[![Coverage Status][coverage-badge]][coverage-link]

[Download](https://github.com/koreader/koreader/releases) •
[Wiki](https://github.com/koreader/koreader/wiki) •
[Developer docs](http://koreader.rocks/doc/)

</center>

## Main features

* **portable**: runs on embedded devices (Cervantes, Kindle, Kobo, PocketBook), Android and desktop PCs with Linux. Developers can also run a KOReader emulator in a computer with both Linux and MacOS. Windows builds are broken for the moment.

* **multi-format documents**:  supports fixed page formats (PDF, DjVu, CBT, CBZ) and reflowable e-book formats (ePub, fb2, mobi, doc, chm, txt). Scanned PDF/DjVu documents can also be reflowed with built-in K2pdfopt.

> * **full-featured reading**: multi-lingual user interface with a highly customizable reader view and a lot of typesetting options. You can set arbitrary page margins, override line spacing and choose external fonts and styles. It has multi-lingual hyphenation dictionaries bundled into the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **full-featured reading**: multi-lingual user interface with a highly customizable reader view and many typesetting options. You can set arbitrary page margins, override line spacing and choose external fonts and styles. It has multi-lingual hyphenation dictionaries bundled into the application.
```
